welcome back guys today we are going to
take a look at 2017 comedy thriller film
called tragedy girls the first scene
takes off on a secluded isolated bridge
in the middle of nowhere a couple can be
seen making out in the car when suddenly
the girl senses someone outside she
urges her boyfriend to take a look the
scaredy guy named craig instantly jumps
out where he abruptly gets brutally
struck in the face with a machete his
girlfriend runs away screaming with the
killer on her tail she dashes through
the woods until she lures the killer to
a tripwire and falls on the ground the
protagonists walk out and cheer upon his
capture ultimately they knock him
unconscious with a taser
the next scene takes place in a stranded
warehouse where the teenage girls mock
the killer and check his id to identify
him as laurel as he's tied to the chair
the girls make jokes about how he's
fulfilling their ambitions in accordance
with the killings they show him their
twitter page and state how they're going
to have so much fun together
during their speech craig starts to
groan and his girlfriend named sadie
shusters him and blocks his airways
until he dies her friend michaela enjoys
the scene while the innocent kid expires
afterwards they put laurel in the back
and trap him in a small room later the
girls return home the following morning
they spread the word all around the
school about craig and how he
mysteriously disappeared furthermore
they try their best to gain more
followers for their twitter page at
tragedy girls in their classroom the
teacher named mrs kint invites the
sheriff over and he gives a brief speech
to the students about staying calm upon
the murder his own son jordan interferes
but he shuts him down and leaves the
class
later the girls record another clip in
regards to crags missing while
speculating the indifference among the
students
in the meantime they grab jordan to edit
their special video for their page
during that sadie admirably stares into
jordan's eyes while michaela takes her
away exasperately that evening they
discuss the killing spree plans in the
cafe michaela states that everything
will work out while sadie goes
melancholy but an idea pops up in
michaela's mind to gain a hundred
thousand followers before prom and then
frame laurel for every act
afterwards they practice cheerleading
where the lead girl named sil roasts
michaela for her shoes the girls leave
the practice and observe their useless
twitter page in the meantime their eyes
fall upon michaela's ex-boyfriend toby
who has tons of followers the girls walk
up to him and michaela gets all
squeamish at first and they listen to
his philosophical views for a moment but
sadie's mind goes to the evil side they
proceed to plan his death by causing an
accident with his newly bought
motorcycle in the interim laurel
struggles to break free while the girls
offer him canned dog food afterwards
they dress him up in costumes and plan
toby's fate as the night falls in toby
drives on the highway to achieve
serenity when michaela starts to stalk
him in the car she starts driving
crazily and toby speeds up the action
only escalates as michaela urges him to
go faster and faster on the other hand
sadie lays some spikes on the road which
caused toby to swerve and drop down the
roadside sadie records his fall and as
they both enjoy the clip they hear
toby's groans the girls walk up to find
him brutally deformed and twisted they
sigh in desperation and michaela stabs
him to death on the other hand a driver
stops to inquire for any assistance but
sadie covers up the whole situation
meanwhile toby speaks out his philosophy
one last time which makes michaela drool
over him and kiss him passionately
the following morning they prepare to
give an interview to the news for their
own popularity but they get rejected
afterwards they discuss the
probabilities to fame by making the
headline of rosedale murder cover-up
with jordan who states that his father
is stopping him from working with them
nevertheless he stays on their side and
requests sadie to be safe but michaela
drives her away the scene now shifts to
the prom committee where still gives the
opinion to cancel the dance in order to
honor the deceased classmates but the
tragedy girls vehemently oppose it and
order the continuation of the dance
after ending the conference they proceed
to the hall and find sills wooden
library model in the showcase which is
the source of her scholarship the eva
girls decide to end her career and they
trash the whole thing up later still
arrives to witness the horror and she
orders her nerdy friend to help her
later that night as she works in the
workshop still senses someone else in
the area as well the lights turn off and
she finds her way in the dark to flip
various switches that turn up the saws
as well as the lights
suddenly she comes face to face with two
masked persons who are actually the
tragedy girls they surround sil but she
identifies michaela by her shoes
nevertheless they fight each other but
still accidentally gets hauled upside
down and her face gets cut into two by
the ruthless wood saw the girls then
decide to cut her up and during their
proceedings the janitor comes in as well
but the lame guy doesn't even look up
the girls successfully inflict another
murder which now makes them extremely
popular in school as they highlight the
facts
walking down the hall proudly they
triumph in victory even the news
reporter now approaches them in the
interim jordan walks up to michaela and
notices her bloody sneakers but she
covers it up ignoring that he advises
them to stay low-key but michaela
ignores his request just then they get
an order from the principal's office
where the sheriff states that they're
jeopardizing the investigation the
principal becomes the girl's team but
the sheriff stays adamant upon keeping
them away from the matter
afterwards they hold a memorial for
still in the gymnasium where after their
speech another big guy named big al gets
up on stage and gains all the popularity
by speaking for revenge against the
killer he even asks for volunteering
which brings him ultimate praise the
girls get jealous of his popularity and
decide to put an end to him in their
shed sadie orders michaela to do the
task and leaves behind her back laurel
starts talking to michaela and tries to
turn her against sadie his attempt fails
at the end but he still stays consistent
upon the fact that sadie will betray her
at the end as she only thinks of her own
self
ignoring his deceptions michaela and
sadie proceed to stalk big al coming out
of mrs kin's home
on the other hand jordan goes to his
father's office and tries to convince
him to take a look at sadie's research
but his dad refuses to hear it just then
he gets called away and behind his back
jordan logs into the computer and steals
the confidential files in a usb
meanwhile the movie flips to the gym
where big al pushes the bench press his
trainer pumps him up and leaves the gym
while michaela gets into action she
walks in to flirt with the big guy but
he doesn't even give a notice
suddenly she spills his water bottle and
takes it away but silently mixes the
poison in it back outside sadie gets a
text from jordan that he's coming over
in 20 minutes
back in the gym michaela uses her charm
to get big al to drink the water but he
senses something in the back as he goes
away to check it michaela notices sadie
on the side beckoning her to leave at
once but big al comes back and sadie
attacks him with an iron rod the guy
doesn't even flinch and he attacks back
the fight turns vicious as he throws
michaela in the mirrors and proceeds to
strangle sadie to death but gets stabbed
in the chest and knocked away by makayla
using a dumbbell as he falls on the
bench sadie drops the weight bar on his
head causing his brains to burst out
after killing him the girls go on their
way
in order to meet jordan sadie runs home
and jordan arrives just then in his
trashy car he walks inside and gives the
usb to sadie stating it has all the
confidential reports from the crime
scenes sadie admires his efforts but
avoids his kiss
the following day the news of big al's
murder spreads around the town and the
school gets cancelled as the situation
turns grave michaela enjoys breakfast
with her family later everyone goes to
the town hall where the sheriff gives a
speech to the residents and requests
them to stay calm jordan also arrives
and sits behind sadie and michaela
suddenly he notices michaela using her
phone and in the next instant everyone
gets an image of big al's busted head
the clamor starts and it turns into a
protest along with the slogan remember
al the mayor takes the charge and the
townspeople proceed to have a march
on the other hand laurel gets free from
his captivity and escapes to wreak havoc
in the city the scene then ships to the
march where people suddenly get back in
horror as they witness their mayor
impaled on an electric pole the girls
watch in terror as they realize laurel
has escaped and he's now coming for
their lives the next morning they give
an interview to the press but just as
they leave sadie receives a text image
of themselves and realizes that laura
was here as they feel the danger looming
on them the girls show up to the
sheriff's office and state the
perspective of the killer's appearance
they give all the details and the
sheriff manages to sketch out a raggedy
form of laurel the scene now shifts into
the class where tragedy girls receives
hundreds of likes and followers mrs kent
orders them to leave the phones and
start scolding them for negative traits
upon which the girls leave the class
afterwards jordan pulls away from them
as well and michaela starts to trash
talk about his family with that done
michaela gets up to leave but jordan
manages to steal her phone later
michaela decides to kill him sadie goes
against it remarking that he's harmless
but michaela convinces her to put an end
to him for good
meanwhile jordan eats dinner with his
father and he later goes into a deep
sleep jordan gets a text from sadie
stating she's outside his door
jordan takes her up to the room while
michaela listens to them through the
microphone sadie sits on his bed and
grips onto the dagger but jordan
suddenly blurts out all of his
suspicions about michaela he brings out
her phone and tells sadie everything in
secrecy meanwhile michaela boils in
anger
back inside as jordan speaks about all
the red flags sadie kisses him
passionately michaela groans in disgust
but suddenly notices laurel making his
way to the bedroom the couple notices it
as well and jordan opens the door to get
himself stabbed in the arm with the
machete lowell proceeds to attack sadie
who plunges the dagger in his foot
nevertheless their fight escalates and
she runs outside meanwhile michaela
breaks the window to bring the sheriff
out of his sleep and shoots at laurel
the murderer escapes from the window
while the sheriff walks up to his
injured son sadie walks in as well and
the sheriff thanks her the following
morning he gives an award for bravery
and courage to sadie cunningham she
alone stands at the podium and proudly
talks about her own efforts while
michaela stands in the crowd burning in
jealousy as her best friend was getting
all of the appraisal for her efforts
later she walks in the gym to talk to
sadie but they indulge in a heated
argument and sadie asks her to leave as
once as she doesn't need michaela now
abhorred and dismayed that kayla walks
away in anger
the patterns have now changed as sadie
moves up in her class establishes the
good relations and stays away from all
the evil meanwhile michaela is now all
alone and purging with hatred
time passes on and it's prom day jordan
walks to sadie's house and picks her up
in his trashy car on the other hand
michaela gets dolled up as well and her
parents admire her in every way the prom
starts and sadie dances with jordan in
an extremely uncomfortable way after
pretending for a while she leaves him
and proceeds to have a drink where mrs
kent meets her and admires her change
furthermore she awards her by giving her
the news that she'll be suggesting her
name for the scholarship sadie thanks
her in admiration and proceeds to sit
with jordan who starts apologizing to
her for any uncomfortable encounters
just then the principal gets up on stage
and gives a few useless words for the
students
afterwards the nerd comes forward and
announces jordan and sadie the prom king
and queen jordan gets up in joyful
astonishment and dances with sadie who
remains silent
in the meantime mrs kint walks outside
to smoke a cigarette when suddenly
michaela comes her way behind her it's
laurel who swings the machete mrs kent
runs away in terror but michaela stabs
her from behind she turns around in
agony and michaela mercilessly slits her
throat on the other side sadie notices
michaela admits the crowd and follows
her through the entire school to a
secluded place where she finds her
wearing a pink mask
jordan also follows sadie and overhears
the conversation where michaela depicts
that it was sadie's plan to kill
jordan's mother furthermore she
threatens sadie and laurel also walks up
to her they both surround sadie as if to
kill her and just then jordan drops the
massive wooden boards on him and escapes
with sadie but upon climbing the stairs
they get trapped laurel also follows
them but instead of attacking them he
turns to michaela who eventually kills
him with a pistol
as the danger recedes jordan confronts
michaela about the killing and sadie
lures him aside to give him a kiss
amidst the cloud of romance she puts the
nook around his neck and hangs him with
the rope which eventually murders him
sadie then puts up a green mask on her
face and the tragedy girls walk to the
prom hall and light up the whole
gymnasium on fire as the carnage occurs
the fire services arrive and the sheriff
watches the whole facility burn down
along with his son meanwhile the girls
enjoy their menacing moment while
they're 125 fellows burned to death in
the final moments of the film we see the
tragedy girls extremely happy with their
life they bid farewell to their families
and travel together for college and with
that the movie concludes
thanks for watching guys